feat(dataset input): add use_trajectories option (#530)
ecmwf/anemoi-inference: docs/inference/configs/inputs.rst

See :ref:`anemoi-datasets:opening-datasets` in the documentation of the
`anemoi-datasets` package for more information on how to open datasets.

#################
Trajectory Inputs
#################

`anemoi-datasets` `v0.5.38` introduced a new feature to allow for trajectory datasets, introducing a 5th dimension to the dataset.
This allows for forecasts to be included in the dataset, and for the model to initialised from steps of a model, not just the analysis.

Setting `use_trajectories` in a dataset input will allow for the model to be initialised from the forecast, filtering by valid_time, rather than just the basetime.

.. code:: yaml

   input:
      test:

>        use_trajectories: true

Reviewer: I think it would make more sense to give the example with grib?

Author: It's not relevant for the grib input? This is for datasets...?

Reviewer: sorry I meant zarr

See :ref:`anemoi-datasets:opening-datasets` in the documentation of the
`anemoi-datasets` package for more information on how to open datasets.

#################
Trajectory Inputs
#################

> `anemoi-datasets` `v0.5.38` introduced a new feature to allow for trajectory datasets, introducing a 5th dimension to the dataset.
> This allows for forecasts to be included in the dataset, and for the model to initialised from steps of a model, not just the analysis.
> 
> Setting `use_trajectories` in a dataset input will allow for the model to be initialised from the forecast, filtering by valid_time, rather than just the basetime.
> 
> In the case of the initial conditions, the prior dates, the model will be initialised from step 0 of the dataset, i.e. the analysis, with future forcings coming from the forecast steps, with the base date
> being the date specified in the config, the base_date.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
`anemoi-datasets` `v0.5.38` introduced a new feature to allow for trajectory datasets, introducing a 5th dimension to the dataset.
This allows for forecasts to be included in the dataset, and for inference it means that it is possible for the model to be forced from steps of a model, not just the analysis.

Setting `use_trajectories` in a dataset input will allow for the model to be forced from the forecasts within the dataset, filtering by step and the basetime of the run, rather than just the absolute time throughout the run.

In the case of the initial conditions, the prior dates, the model will be initialised from step 0 of the dataset, i.e. the analysis, with future forcings coming from the forecast steps, with the base date
being the date specified in the config, the base_date.

```
@RachelFurner thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Line 49 "model to *be* forced", otherwise fabulous, thanks!
